c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\NewsBlog.dll.config
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\NewsBlog.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\NewsBlog.pdb
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\obj\Debug\NewsBlog.dll
c:\users\alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\obj\Debug\NewsBlog.pdb
C:\Users\Alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\obj\Debug\NewsBlog.Migrations.Migr1.resources
C:\Users\Alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\obj\Debug\NewsBlog.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\bin\GridMvc.dll
C:\Users\Alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\obj\Debug\NewsBlog.Migrations.migr.resources
C:\Users\Alerter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsBlog\NewsBlog\obj\Debug\NewsBlog.Migrations.migr2.resources
